# Main Topics

**Installation:** pytest can be installed using pip, the Python package 
manager, by running pip install pytest. 

**Test Functions:** In pytest, test cases are written as regular Python 
functions with names starting with "test_". Each test function represents a 
single test case. 

**Test Discovery:** pytest automatically discovers and runs all the test 
functions in the current directory and its subdirectories. The test files 
should be named with a prefix of "test_" or a suffix of "_test". 

**Assertions:** Assertions are used to check if a given condition is true. 
pytest provides a wide range of built-in assertions, such as assert, 
assertEqual, assertTrue, etc., to perform various types of checks. 

**Fixtures:** Fixtures are a powerful feature of pytest that allow you to 
define reusable test resources or set up and tear down test environments. 
They are defined using the @pytest.fixture decorator. 

**Test Execution:** pytest collects and executes tests using a standardized 
test runner. By default, test functions are executed in the order of their 
discovery, but you can use markers or command-line options to control the 
execution order. 

**Test Selection:** You can select and run specific tests or subsets of tests 
using various options, such as test names, markers, file paths, etc. This 
helps in running only the relevant tests during development or debugging. 

**Skipping Tests:** You can temporarily skip specific tests using the 
@pytest.mark.skip decorator or conditionally skip tests using the 
pytest.skip() function. 

**Parametrized Tests:** pytest allows you to write parametrized tests, where 
a single test function can be executed with multiple sets of inputs. This 
helps in reducing code duplication and increasing test coverage. 

**Test Output Capture:** pytest captures and displays the output of the 
tests, including print statements, log messages, and exceptions, providing 
detailed information about the test execution. 

**Test Coverage:** pytest integrates with coverage tools to measure the code 
coverage of your tests. You can generate coverage reports to identify areas 
of your code that are not adequately covered by tests. 

**Plugins and Customization:** pytest has a rich ecosystem of plugins that 
extend its functionality. You can customize the test execution, add custom 
command-line options, generate reports, integrate with other tools, and much 
more using plugins. 

**Markers:** pytest allows you to mark tests with custom markers using the 
@pytest.mark decorator. Markers can be used to categorize tests, skip or 
select tests based on certain conditions, or apply additional behavior to 
tests. 

**Test Fixtures as Function Arguments:** pytest allows you to use fixtures as 
arguments in test functions. By specifying the fixture name as an argument, 
pytest automatically provides the fixture instance to the test function. 

**Test Parameterization with Fixtures:** You can combine fixtures and 
parametrization to create more dynamic tests. Fixtures can provide input 
values for parametrized tests, making it easy to test different scenarios 
with minimal code duplication. 

**Test Doubles:** pytest supports the creation of test doubles like mocks, 
stubs, and fakes through various libraries or built-in features. This enables 
you to isolate the code under test and control its dependencies. 

**Test Coverage Analysis:** pytest can be combined with coverage analysis 
tools like pytest-cov to measure the code coverage of your tests. This helps 
ensure that your tests adequately exercise all parts of your code. 

**Test Assertions and Exceptions:** pytest provides numerous built-in 
assertions for common use cases. It also offers specialized assertions for 
handling exceptions, allowing you to verify that specific exceptions are 
raised during test execution. 

**Test Parametrization with Combinatorial:** pytest allows you to use 
combinatorial parameterization to generate test cases from multiple input 
values or fixtures. This feature is useful when you want to cover all 
possible combinations of inputs. 

**Test Fixtures Scopes:** pytest supports different fixture scopes, such as 
function-level, module-level, class-level, or session-level scopes. This 
allows you to control when fixtures are set up and torn down, depending on 
your specific needs. 

By understanding these key concepts and features, you'll be well-equipped to 
write effective and maintainable tests using pytest. Remember that pytest has 
many more features and advanced topics to explore, but this 20% of learning 
will provide you with a solid foundation. 

